INITIALIZING A GIT REPOSITORY
A Git repository skeleton including all files that are neccessary for a Git 
repository. The command is: git init

STATUS OF THE FILES IN THE WORKING DIRECTORY
The state of the files in the working directory can be examined with 
the command: 'git status'. To simplify and shorten the output, one can
use the option -s. There are two columns. The first column gives raise to the
stage area and the second to the working directory.
?? -> untracked
M -> modified
A -> new file added to the staging area.

ADDING FILES TO THE STAGING AREA
The staging area can be imagined as an area where all the versions of
the files that should be included in the next commit are contained (whether
tracked but modified or untracked does not matter).
The command is: 'git add <filename>'.

DOING A COMMIT	
All the versions of the files in the staging area can be commited with 
the command: 'git commit'. Note that only the versions in the staging area
are commited. If one has staged a file and after that changed this file, 
the latest changes are not commited because these changes are not staged.
The option -m allows a commit with an inline comment.
The option -a allows to skip the staging area so that all files that are
tracked are commited without having to add them manually to the staging area.

COMPARING FILES IN THE WORKING DIRECTORY WITH FILES IN THE STAGING AREA
Note that the before any a new file is added to the staging area it contains
the latest versions that are in the repository. If one uses the command:
'git diff' without any arguments, the files in the working directory are 
compared with the files in the staging area.

COMPARING THE FILES IN THE STAGING AREA WITH THE FILES IN THE REPOSITORY
Command: 'git diff --stage'.

REMOWING FILES FROM THE REPOSITORY	
To remove files from the repository s.t. these files are not longer shown as
modified but unstaged, one can use the command: 'git rm <filename>'.
This command deletes the file from Git and the file is deleted from the
working directory. To avoid deleting the file from the working directory, 
one can use the option --cache. 

RENAMING FILES
To rename files, one can use the command: 'git mv file_from file_to'.

LOOKING AT THE HISTORY OF THE REPOSITORY
One can look at the history of the repository and, hence, at all commits with
its messages with command: 'git log'. 
The option -p shows all differences that were introduced by the different 
commits.
The option -2 lists only the last two commits.
The option --stat lists the commits with a short summary of the status.
The option --pretty=oneline lists only the ID’s and the commit messages.
The option --since="a years b month c weeks d days e hours f minutes ago".  

CREATING BRANCHES
One can create different branches so that more than one developer can work on 
the files simultanously. Moreover, one can create different versions of
the software that are distinct in some points. Branches also allow the 
developer to have one perfect branch which always works, one developer branch
to develop the code, and one experimental branch.
To create a new branch, one can use the command: 'git branch <branchname>'.
To check which branch is in use, the command to use is: 'git branch'.
The short cut for creating a branch and switching to this branch is:
'git checkout -b <branchname>'

MERGING BRANCHES
Suppose one wants to merge branch_1 into branch_2, then one has to checkout
branch_2 and use the command: 'git merge <name_branch_1>. As a consequnce, 
there can be merging confilcts that follows from changing the same lines of
a file in both branches. Then one has to solve the conflict manually by
going to the file and figure out a solution.
To abort the merging process when a conflict occurs, one can use the command:
'git merge --abort'.
